That's my ex-fiance.
Li's wife Li Wushuang
What, Mr. Li?
Yeah, what's wrong with Mr. Wu?
Do you know him?
Of course I do.
I, General Wu
Today, I can sit in the position guarded by the male god
The past life was given by Mr. Li
Mr. Li has been kind to me again
How could I not know
What!
You said that the location of your down payment depends on his reminder.
Are you right?
I'm also the first instance down payment
How can you say such a thing?
But even the head of the Li family couldn't tolerate him
The whole family looked down on him
He can only be reduced to him even if he sells fried powder
What ability does he have to carry Mr. Wu's name?
Hey, Don
You are so wrong
Mr. Li is the person involved
I just don't like fame and fortune
Although I don't know his origin
But I do know this.
His business acumen is simply superb
My company was on the verge of bankruptcy at the time
I only heard a few words from Mr. Li
Immediately retreat to the camp forever, at the cost of death
And then rise to the top
It's amazing. It's amazing.
Among the people the old Buddha desires in his life
Mr. Li is a myth
Did he give you the 30 million?
Enterprise Instructions
The 30 million investment was announced by Mr. Li and I invested
The subsequent multiple investments have been completed
Strategic Analysis
Beat the competition
Even the listing planning of Tangmen Group
It is all the guidance of Mr. Li's office that benefits
What!
How is that possible?